Aceeptance testing procedure for Cal-Lite User Interface

1. Run Default Scenario

  * Extract contents of zip file into folder of your choosing. Note the file name references the build date.
  * Double click run-calgui.bat. This should fire up the user interface.
  * Click the "Run Scenario" button. Ignore the Windows Firewall warning should one appear. The default scenario should run "out of the box". You will see WRIMS-generated message in the console.

2. Create and save D1485 scenario

  * Switch to Regulations page
  * Click on "D-1485" radiobutton
  * File|Save As "D1485.cls"

3. Create climate change scenario with two realizations

  * Switch to Hydroclimate page
  * Click on "Early Long-Term" or "Late Long-term" radiobuttons
  * Click on any two Climate Change Scenario checkboxes
  * File|Save As "CC.cls"

4. Do batch run

  * Switch to Run Settings page
  * Click "Select Scenarios" button and choose D1485.cls and CC.cls.

5. Check outputs

  * When runs are done, switch to "Quick Results"
  * Click Add button to load D1485_DV.DSS and DEFAULT_DV.DSS
    * Right click on "Trinity" checkbox to see plot
    * (MORE DETAIL TO COME)
  * Switch to "External PDF"
    * Select D1485_DV.DSS and DEFAULT_DV.DSS as result files.
    * Click "Generate Report"
  * Switch to "Map View"
    * (MORE DETAIL TO COME)

----
==_Old Notes_==

  #Verify post processing by checking these outputs:
		...
		Quick Results
		Exceedence plot
		Verify Panel with month checkboxes comes alive
		Right Click Trinity or some other
		Order ascending exceedence percentage on plot
	
	5. If the run fails or the UI exhibits weird behavior, please write up a bug report.
	
	


2. Test D-1485 Scenario

	1. Repeat steps (1) through (2) above, if you haven't yet done so.
	2. Click the "Regulations" tab. The Regulations dashboard should appear.
	3. Click the D-1485 button under the Quick Select panel
	4. Save the scenario: File > Save As. Pick a file name for the cls file
	5. Verify the these files appear in the Run Setting tab:
			Scenario Name: The file name you chose.
			DSS File Name: The same filename, concatenated with "_DV.DSS:
	6. Click the "Run Scenario" button.
	7. After the run finishes, verify the post-processing functionality:
			...
	8. If the run fails or the UI exhibits weird behavior, please write up a bug report.

3. Test D-1641 Scenario

 