#summary This page consists of notes made to support Tad's briefing of Reclamation on the GUI's code structure and configuration.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= GUI specification =

  # The CalLite GUI is implemented as a desktop Java application.
  # The Swing UI layout is mostly defined in the file [https://code.google.com/p/callitegui/source/browse/trunk/CalGUI/Config/GUI.xml Config/GUI.xml].
  # The layout in GUI.xml is realized as a Swing GUI using the [http://www.swixml.org SwiXml] library.
  # Low-level GUI behavior is encapsulated in SwiXml.
  # GUI.xml allows Swing Actions to be associated with components whose ActionListeners can be defined in the Java code.
  # Other Listeners can be defined in the code.
  # Basic code access to GUI components is through SwiXml's SwingEngine object. The main instance is defined in the GUI app's main class, which is [https://code.google.com/p/callitegui/source/browse/trunk/CalGUI/src/gov/ca/water/calgui/MainMenu.java MainMenu].
  # The main SwingEngine instance - currently named "swix" - can be used to access components defined in GUI.xml. For example, the textfield "run_txfoDSS" can be accessed as follows:
{{{(JTextField) swix.find("run_txfoDSS"))}}} 

= Linking GUI components to CalLite model inputs =

The values of textfield, checkbox, and radiobutton components in the GUI can be linked directly to CalLite model inputs specified in GUI-generated .table files. The linkage is specified in the file [https://code.google.com/p/callitegui/source/browse/trunk/CalGUI/Config/GUI_Links2.table GUI_Links2.table]. 

For a textfield, the fields GUIid, Table name, Index, Option and description are needed. The Option should be -1 to indicate a textfield; the value to be written is retrieved from the component named "GUIid" and then placed in the GUI-generated .table file named "Table name" in data row "Index". 

For a checkbox, the same fields are used except that Option should be set to a value of -2. A value of "1" will be plin the SwiXml-defined GUI

== Scenario management ==
